when looking from month to month, we know the gamma dots should be the same for related asteroids.  So, we can scale with the process.


we should transform to "orbital elements" (per Matt) and then we can easily compare by scaling the time step on the position part of the "orbital elements" and that comparison should be rock solid.  This approach should also give us the ability to validate we are fitting reasonable orbits.

the orbital elements will depend on kepcart.  

orbital element nu changes the position of the asteroid on the orbit and it is what we will scale back for reference time comparison.  Of the first 5 other params the middle three (omega, alpha, and Omega) are the most important for comparison, but we can KD Tree over all 5 if we so choose.
 
orbital elements is working!! 

big TODO before the project is done from a code perspective:

Ryan can do 5 and 6  (with the pickled results that is), he will not be able to run the .trans files bc of healpix reliance.


1. get orbital elements transform the right reference vector in the pixels DONE (postprocessing)
1.2 try to fix the fit_extend method and incorporate it, or save it for later. DONE (save for later)
1.3 build off the cluster of clusters method if fit_extend is not better. DONE (_coc.pickle)
2. once 1 is done we will have orbital elements for each cluster in a given month (.trans) in _orbelem.pickle
3. pickle the results for later comparison. DONE
4. get several .trans files and run them all. DONE (for training)
5. unpickle the results of those runs and cluster. (DONE the cluster_months() method)

Clustered on just the first five time ind values

FOR THE TIME CONVERSION MONTH TO MONTH:

when m is the mean anomoly (where we are on the orbit)
m = m0 + n*(t-t0)

when n = sqrt(GMSun / a^3) 

when a is the semi-major axis (the first orbital element parameter)

Happy month to month asteroid hunting!

Now that month to month is done, and we have training results. We need to validate clusters.


FINAL TODO:
1. Test different methods of cluster allocation DONE 
2. validate our approach to cluster allocation, and get final results for training. DONE
3. display some sexy plots with our resulting orbits. DONE 
4. dont forget orbit fitting errors plots and meta cluster plots (and % correct plots) done


Writing TODO
paragraph on alloc methodology and quantifying results. DONE 
paragraph on orbital elements and our transform. DONE

thoughts on paper:
move figure 9 lower so it flows more naturally 
98.9% instead of 98.2%
we cant say there is a 1-1 correspendence between the clusters we make and the true clusters
is there a way to get latex fonts on the "Full Asteroid Identification Sequence" graph?
talk with Ryan about where to go with the demo.py file. 





ASIDE: how about svm for determining the best seperaing line between those two distributions?
